As we all know, in the past period of time, Musk used his influence as a hero who challenged the future in the hearts of the people of the world to deliberately raise the price of Bitcoin, and then used the same method to cause the price of Bitcoin and all other digital currencies to plummet. Many people lost their money.

Is this what the richest man in the world should do?

Blockchain is a decentralized movement. Everyone should bravely stand up to challenge the products of a centralized world like Musk, and let us unite to defeat them!

“Elon Musk just tried to tank Bitcoin,” said Portnoy — adding “The same Elon Musk who had Bitcoin on Tesla’s spreadsheet and their balance sheet so Tesla can show profit at the end of the quarter because they aren’t selling cars now suddenly Bitcoin is bad.”

The celebrity blogger took aim at Musk and called him out on moving cryptocurrency markets.

“The same guy’s been pulling the levers like he’s the Wizard of Oz on crypto and everyone following his every move — he’s sending Dogecoin up, he’s sending Bitcoin down. This is bullsh*t.”

Portnoy was highly critical of Musk’s alleged fickleness. “Elon you have a responsibility when one second you say to buy something and the next second you don’t. That’s playing with people’s futures, their fortunes.”

“This move Elon’s doing — up and down and changing markets, shady sh*t, shady sh*t” exclaimed Portnoy.

Yes, we also have to make our own voice.

This project will build a completely decentralized system to realize DAO governance. Through the governance token DFMUSK, it is possible to participate in the minting of the decentralized NFT, speak, and participate in the NFT game in the virtual world.

DFMUSK issued a total of 200 million, 100 million on the BSC chain, and 100 million on the POLYGON chain.

The total amount of tokens has remained constant, and fair and reasonable token airdrops and public offerings are realized through token distribution smart contracts.

All addresses participating in token airdrops and public offerings can only participate once, so that more friends who truly support decentralized operations can participate in the community.

All addresses that participated in the token airdrop and public offering before the three airdrops specified in the smart contract will receive three full airdrops back to BNB and MATIC.

DFMUSK token smart contract on the BSC chain address: 0x4a54e0c6e7c2d4341d0dF2f6e0A8c2Aab7497822

DFMUSK token smart contract on the POLYGON chain address: 0x89656Cc9567f89886F88caE333EbC55991AE978c

At present, we are actively negotiating the construction of the community website, and the dedicated domain name: defeatMUSK.com is under application. Various social platforms in the community are also actively being constructed. Let each of us contribute to a truly decentralized future.

planning:
1-2021: Token distribution and airdrop completed.
2-2021: Establish a DAO governance model and establish a community.
3-2021: Create an NFT game, airdrop NFT to the previous participants, let all participating games defeat the centralized power, and show our strength to the old power.
4-2022: Challenge a centralized group like MUSK.
5-?: Realize complete decentralization.
